[Music]
this is majesty yachts 110 being shown
here at can and as you can see from the
flag is made in the UAE and this is a
try deck with a difference
the difference being that this yacht was
built specifically for charter I'm on
the owner's deck and they're in the
master bedroom is the best view in the
house the majesty 110 is a beautiful
super yacht all the furniture is made
in-house but the idea is that she has
six cabins so family and friends could
be spread out and there's no contact
with the crew and that she wanted the
lower helm position is as futuristic as
any you'll find on an equivalent super
yacht and if guests want to keep the
caps in rona company within this it's a
nice sociable area right here so what
Majesty ups have done with our hundred
and ten is build a charter yacht that's
equally happy and private ownership with
six cabins in fiberglass with lower
running costs than are still an iminium
equivalent and it can be yours for just
nine million US dollars you know what I
think I'll go and put down a deposit